hey guys state alone in your house are
going this video I'll be showing you
guys how to get to challenges for the
outlast Canyon and the challenges are
king of the hill which I already
achieved and perfect timing which I also
already achieved so we're going to do
king of the hill first kids do not know
where the challenge will take place it's
going to be located right here this
little bandit camp make sure you kill
out all the bandits or whatever you want
to call them and you need to try to get
to the top of this tower so before I get
started here let me go down and get some
oxygen and you know you come over here
this is where you start and I'm just
going to fast forward so you guys can
see what I do and what and there you
guys have for this challenge you also
get some loot up here which you know may
not be the best depending on your luck
so yeah mom as you can see here my loot
isn't that good but I'm going to skip on
over to the next challenge and this is
the start of the second location the
second challenge i should say which is
right here it's this building and then
how to get into this building you need
to hit all these pressure plates in
other words this challenge perfect
timing which the first pressure plate is
literally right next to the building so
you just power slam on it and if you did
right it should turn red which I already
done it it is a heads up i think this is
kind of bug because i did this a lot
longer than three minutes and the door
still open but anyways you know who
cares so hop on your little bulky thing
and then just follow where i go make
sure you don't get stuck like I am right
here and just a heads up you guys like
Borderlands videos and you're not
subscribe to me be sure to check my
channel for some more borderlands videos
because I got a lot of them so you know
here's the second one all I guy do is
body slam on to this and that will be
the number two and I got a friend
joining me here so let's hurry up and
hop on this thing and get out of here
and the third one is actually pretty
close to the place this is right over
here up you right outside of this
building right there so in order to
to make these like I said you just need
a pound on them you to your little space
stomp there anyways if you guys enjoyed
the video be sure to leave a like or
maybe even to subscribe or comment or
anything anything would be greatly
appreciated how my channel grow and yeah
that's pretty much about it I hope you
guys enjoy the video and thank you for
watching